---
title: Freshers
subtitle: Congratulations on earning a place at Warwick!
---

Here at Warwick we cater for all abilities and levels of commitment and,
as we are essentially two sports in one, if you don't like one you can
always try the other! Whether you are feeling competitive or not, so
long as you like chlorine we have something for you; from those looking
for a good time and to keep fit right up to the highest-level
competitive swimmers - we cater for all abilities!

Swimming competes in two major BUCS competitions and one main team event
each season as well as various other galas.

Water Polo has two male teams and one female team who compete in a
knock-out cup as well as a league-based championship; all of our teams
average a game a week during Terms 1 and 2.

Being such a diverse club, we keep our sense of unity by being one of
the biggest and most socially active clubs on campus! From regular
socials and impromptu gatherings to our two tours a year, there’s
something for everyone – see the social tab for further details!

We will be running several taster sessions during the first few weeks of
term, where you’re welcome to come along and see what it’s like to be
part of the club, and to meet the coaches and new exec. You can pick and
choose when is best for you – dates and times will be confirmed here
soon! Also, be sure to come down to the swimming pool and say hello on
sports day in Welcome Week! If you’re unable to make any of the tasters,
just come along to one of our timetabled sessions and introduce yourself
and we’ll be happy to help!

With one of the largest membership bases on campus, a wide and varied
range of social activities and more chlorine than you'd ever need, what
more would you want from a sports club?

So make sure you have a read of our website, like our Facebook page, and
come to see us at the Sports Fair and our taster sessions. If you have
any questions for us, check out the contact section of the website and
get in touch using the query form, or via email.

We hope to see you soon!

{{< testimonial name="James" message="Joining the club has been one of the best things about university. I have felt welcomed to the squad, with training sessions being flexible. It has been a great way to meet people, both in the pool and outside at social events." squad="Club member" img="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18099289/181920510-659d6199-a8b8-4ce8-8d0f-cc73174e8737.png" >}}

## Fresher checklist

{{< partial "checklist" >}}
